1.A minimum version of IIS required for the installtion  OF CR is 

IIS 7.5 

2.It is a must to have the following  PreRequisitises for Windows 2012 R2
ASP.net 4.5 and higher
Dot net extensibility 4.5
ISAPI Filters

3.Which of the following option are true abt clients Tab in web controll Room 

Ans 
1.Export to CSV
2.Provide Current Status 
3.Bot runner and Bot Creater

4.The Default Multicast prot for distributed cashing Service

Ans- 54327

5.if you run an atmx from CR and it fails you can view the status from 
  task History

6.In Control room SMTP email server  config is require for notification like 
   User activation and deactivation
   Change in user information
   Bot Completion


7.App management in CR

BOt FARM
Bot Insight

8.which tab in CR allow you to user relevalent privilleges

Security

9.Task A Schedule and Task B Triggered

Thus, if the two tasks have been assigned the same priority, then a triggered task will have the highest precedence, followed by scheduled tasks and so on as described above. 
Ans - Task B will get the precedence

10.Which of the following commands can be used to interface the bot with external API exposed by third party
ans -Rest Web services 
     Soap web services

11. CR provides an ability to restrict client with secure recording  option
True

12 .Following statement are true
ans - File comparision  feature is not available in AA client

13. Use of Metabot in Benefits
Ans
Reusablity
Standardization
Accelerates ROI

14. AAE Clients v10.5 allows to connect to internet using internet Connection Comman using desired Connectivity options like 
ans- Wireless Terminal /dial ups

15. PDF command provides an ability to set the encryption level on a pdf document.
ans - RC 440 Bit, AES 128, RC 4 128

16. When you want to include low level operation of an applciation without to use GUI, you opt for
Ans- DLL metabot

17. Following Terminal Types are available in Emulator Command?
Ans- ANSI,TN5250 and VT100

18. Conditional Bussiness process that can be automated using AAE Capability
Ans-WorkFlow Designer

19. Which System Variable can be used to get total number of Couloumns in Array varible
ans - ArrayColumns

20. What is legacy Technology in object clonning command?( as the target application makes use of legacy applications and/or has a secure environment.)
Ans- Used for Secured Environment

21. option of merge document is available under which command.
ans -  PDF Integration

22. which of the following option provided under system command
and - Hibernate

23. String Operation Comnd allows direct JSON Extraction and Manipulation (Doubt)
Ans -False

24. web CR API 
Ans - Deploy,Authenticate

25. SVN server Communication port
ans 443/80

26. ANALYSE button in v10 Client Task Editor is used to 
Ans Create/View Analytics

27. true abt metabot
Ans -metabots have to be uploaded to the CR to schedule and execute a dependent task bot.

28. what does the diamond or rhombus shape in workflow signifies
ans - Decision

29. RandomNumberrangevalue
Ans it will display any number bet 1 to5 and it will loop between 3 times

30. Which is not valid Trigger Type
Ans -System

31. Value of one variable can be assigned to another using
ANs- Variable Operation

32. which of the following  is not an option under PROMPT command?
Ans - Prompt For Window

33. Which of the Following modes of information Capture are supported by Smart Recorder?
Ans - object mode ,Coordinate mode, and Image mode

34. which is not an option in SAP intergration Command?
-Run Script

35. Conditional Bussiness process that can be automated using AAE Capability
Ans-WorkFlow Designer

36. Choose the Correct order in terms of increasing Complexity of Technology they handle
Ans -Simple Recorder\Web Recorder /Object Recorder

37. Consider this bot code that is recorded as below using smart technology 

Excel :open spreadsheets
activate sheet *Default*
set value of active cell *24* 
close
Ans - yes

38. WorkFlow allow flow based on variable values
Ans - true

39. Bot version History is available as an option on the client side only if SVN is enbled from we control Room
Ans .True

40. total clicks in v10 is
Ans - Total Mouse click + total keystrokes

41. AAE Client Can work even when it is disconnected from the web control Room 
Ans False

42. Diff between bot creator and bot runner is true.
and - the bot creator allows both to create as well as to run a bot

43. if the system varible hour is used for logging ,waht value does it return if the time is 11:25 pm

Ans - 23

44. Auto login allows your computer even if system is lock or logged off.
Ans - True

45. workflow Design object -

ans - Start 
      run task 
      condition and if

46. While ROI setting has to be completed on the control room.ROI Can be viewd at clint side 
Ans - False

47. web recorder commnad.you can perform the Following in 10.5
Search by Caption
Execute javaScript
Close Browser

48. As a best practice of bot authoring 
Bumpycase, follow the rule of 3, use of underscore to be avoided.

49. which of the follwoing command can be used to download a file ?
Ans - Web Recorder

50. Report Files in V10 Client Cannot be executed through
Ans- A CR schedule

51. File type associated with AA platform 
Ans-.wkfx

52. default local variable undervariable manager are 
Ans - Prompt-Assignment and my-list-variable

53. which one is true

Ans - password info is encrypted while in motion 
    - password are stored on client as well server

54. With which Command is extracted data option associted 
Ans -web recorder

55. When Secure Recording mode is enabled.Bot Runner Cannot cpture the application images or values or texts.Bot Creator still can capture these because it is required for debugging 
Ans False

56. Adding more column  to the default table view is possible in 10.5 client
Ans- True

57. Xml Command in v10.5
ans - helps with xpath
helps save session data for insert/update/delete operation in xml

58. which of the following formats is not available for export under aa report file RTDX
Ans - Doc/DOcx

59. Not valid option under the String operation Command
Ans - Starts with

60. Check the diffrent ways a task can be executed
Ans -
	through a hot key
	through a trigger
	through a schedule 

61. Under which command can credential Varaible be used 
Ans 

Soap 
Rest 
PDF

62. Metabot Designer in AAv10.5 is supported
Ans 
IE 10
IE 11

63. if you have installed shared services in the particular system you can repair/reinstall option to add the CR component on same machine.

ans - True

64. Migration Utility is installed  by Default  for all types  of CR Installtion 

True 

65. the Security tab in Web CR helps with 
Ans- managing Roles/Permission

66. CR allows ability set Holidays and schdule a bot only on working date
false

67. Run Bot Runner Session on Control Room option s 
Ans - Is Recommendedfor Bots deplyed on VMs

68. License allocation  for a user created in CR can be done from 
ans  - User Management >edit User >Allocate Licenses

69. which of the following keys can be used to abort a task that is running on bot Runner 

ans - Esc

70. wait command is available in the client for setting the delay in milliseecond

ans wait for time in Seconds  
    wait for window
    wait for screen change

71. 